http://headtrip.keenspot.com/comic.rss comics
http://www.athetius.com/rss.xml private
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/?service=rss news
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/rss news
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/rss news
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/rss news
http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=1003 news
http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=1004 news
http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=1001 news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/oatmealfeed comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/linuxtoday/linux?format=xml linux news
http://news.ycombinator.com/rss hacker news
http://www.cbc.ca/podcasting/includes/wiretap.xml podcast
http://rss.cbc.ca/lineup/topstories.xml news
http://www.cbc.ca/podcasting/includes/qpodcast.xml podcast
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux news
http://www.linuxfoundation.org/news-media/blogs/browse/rss.xml news linux
http://kernel.org/kdist/rss.xml linux news
http://www.li.org/?q=rss.xml linux news 
http://www.linuxjournal.com/node/feed linux news
http://www.linux.com/rss/feeds.php linux news 
http://www.cs.mtsu.edu/?feed=rss2 mtsu news
http://www.gpf-comics.com/gpf.rss comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/HumonComics comics
http://www.questionablecontent.net/QCRSS.xml comics
http://xkcd.com/rss.xml comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ hacker blog
http://www.blogtalkradio.com/thethinkingatheist.rss blog atheism
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ZinniaJones atheism blog
http://www.ard.de/export/rss20/wissen/-/id=918004/format=rss20/ks3dcs/index.xml deutsch news
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/rss.xml?edition=int news
http://www.stern.de/feed/overview/ deutsch news
http://www.engadget.com/rss.xml news tech
http://feeds.gawker.com/gizmodo/full news tech
http://rss.dw-world.de/rdf/rss-en-all deutsch news
http://www.br.de/radio/b5-aktuell/b5aktuell108~rss.xml deutsch news
http://feeds.gawker.com/lifehacker/full tech news
http://news.sky.com/sky-news/rss/home/rss.xml news
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdot tech hacker
http://www.spiegel.de/schlagzeilen/index.rss deutsch news
http://www.tagesschau.de/newsticker.rdf deutsch news
http://www.tagesschau.de/xml/rss2/ deutsch news
http://tagesspiegel.feedsportal.com/c/33356/f/566373/index.rss deutsch news
http://feeds.guardian.co.uk/theguardian/rss news
http://feeds.twit.tv/twit_video_large tech news
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510221 podcast news
http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=2 news
http://marketplacemoney.publicradio.org/podcast/podcast.php podcast news
http://marketplace.publicradio.org/RSS/marketplace.php podcast news
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=13 podcast news
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=5 podcast news
http://www.wbur.org/listen/podcasts/hereandnow.xml podcast news
http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/worldservice/newshour/rss.xml podcast news
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=1016 podcast news
http://www.cbc.ca/podcasting/includes/hourlynews.xml podcast news
http://www.stephenfry.com/?feed=podcast&format=audio podcast
http://feeds.twit.tv/floss_video_large podcast news tech
http://feeds.twit.tv/sn_video_large podcast news tech
http://feeds.twit.tv/ttg_video_large podcast news tech
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=500005 podcast news
http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/radio4/timc/rss.xml podcast news
http://www.nonprophetsradio.com/nonprophets.xml podcast atheism
http://godlessbitches.podbean.com/feed podcast atheism
http://www.atheist-experience.com/videocast.php podcast atheism
http://feeds.feedburner.com/cyberpunkradio cyberpunk podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GirlGoneGeekBlog tech podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/computeractionshowvideo tech podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/linuxoutlaws-ogg tech podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheLinuxLinkTechShowOgg-vorbisFeed tech podcast
http://terminal.cyberpunked.net/rss hacker cyberpunk blog
http://tsyesika.co.uk/pilok.xml blog na'vi
https://github.com/xray7224.atom git 
